These six vanilla plus mods enhance the
way Minecraft looks without changing any
gameplay. When Mojang added the falling
leaves in the spring drop update, I knew
I needed more immersive animations like
that in the game. So, here's what I
found. The explosive enhancement mod by
Supercat 32 adds this gorgeous animation
to explosions, and it even has an
underwater variant. The wakes mod by
GOI56 adds splashes and wakes into the
game, and they look so Minecrafty. It
pairs very nicely with some of the
features from the particular mod by
Chai, which adds 3D water splashes and
waterfall cascades, plus some other neat
stuff like cave dust and bubbles from
underwater chests. The particle rain mod
by Pig Cart really improves all the
weather in the game. Rain is much less
cluttered and falls at an angle as if
blown by the wind. Snowflakes also look
much better and they rotate gently as
they fall. It also adds these amazing
dust storms in desert biomes, water
ripples on water surfaces during the
rain, and these water droplets on
certain walls. There's also this really
unique looking ground fog that appears
in humid biomes. If you pair that with
the cool rain mod by Jay's, which
creates these super immersive sounds for
rain based on what material is falling
on, rain quickly goes from a nuisance to
a cozy vibe. And last, but not least,
there's visuality by Pink Goose, which
adds sparkles to armor and ores, gooey
slime particles when slimes hop around,
and bones when you strike skeletons.
Hopefully I just helped make your two
week Minecraft phase way more vibe.